---
title: Are Portland Public Schools as Bad as They Say
description: I got tired of hearing people bash PPS - I think the situation is more nuanced. My kids have gone to public schools, charter schools, and private schools. They all had issues. They all had positives. So, I wanted to dig into the data a bit and see what test scores shows about PPS vs other districts in the city and state. 
date: 2026-02-01
tags: ["analysis"]
draft: true
---

Leverage agile frameworks to provide a robust synopsis for high level overviews. Iterative approaches to corporate strategy foster collaborative thinking to further the overall value proposition. Organically grow the holistic world view of disruptive innovation via workplace diversity and empowerment.

## Code

### This is a very long heading that I want to wrap This is a very long heading that I want to wrap This is a very long heading that I want to wrap This is a very long heading that I want to wrap

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination. At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

```R
readr::read_xlsx("file.xslx")
```

### Heading with a [link](#code)

Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination. At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that has evolved from generation X is on the runway heading towards a streamlined cloud solution. User generated content in real-time will have multiple touchpoints for offshoring.

```
// this is a command
function myCommand() {
	let counter = 0;
	counter++;
}

// Test with a line break above this line.
console.log('Test');
```

## Section Header

Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value added activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional clickthroughs from DevOps. Nanotechnology immersion along the information highway will close the loop on focusing solely on the bottom line.
